You might want to create a python program that expands command line arguments.
Just like this python program itself, that receives the name of our python
file as an argument. Now we can extend this, take it to the next level,
and supply additional arguments here. These arguments can be
the name of a user, email, password, whatever. So,
on the top we import the sys module.
This module has an attribute called argv short
for argument variables, so let's print his on the terminal
now back on the terminal, let's execute
this command, we get an array of 4 items,
the first item is always the name of our python program. So even if we don't
supply any arguments, we'll get an array of one item.
After that we have all these arguments represented as
separate items. With this we can do something interesting like this.
We can get the length of
this array and if it equals one that means the user has not
supplied any arguments. As I told you this array always has
a base 1 item and that is the name of our file. So we can
print a usage message like python3,
app.py and after that we expect the password
otherwise assuming that the user
has supplied this argument, we can read it like this. Password,
equals sys.argv.1
and then we can print it on the terminal like this.
Back on the terminal lets run python 3,
app.py we get the usage message beautiful.
Now if you pass 1234 that is considered password.